last time everyone and to see effect
today I want to be talked about balloon
boy how to avoid and what's the
strategies are what was his patterns on
how to avoid him everything you need to
know in order to not get killed by him
oh well he doesn't really kill you kill
you um he kind of disabled your
flashlight and Fox he's eventually going
to get you if you don't do anything
about it so the first thing is that you
need to remember that you can't see him
in the cameras anywhere except from the
game area or the left air vent
if you try to look for him if he's not
at the game area then he's probably in
the left air band that's the does the
only two places that you can see him and
the blind area blind zone in the left
air vent one year outside of your camera
and you're just in room so he's gonna
make whenever he moves is gonna be
making a high sound he's gonna say hi
hello and he's gonna laugh I'm gonna be
playing those sounds after at the end of
this video somewhere so be sure to stick
around and finance in phase three
there's a new two thing came out the
beta testing thing we should check it
out if you're new to the channel and
okay so from game area he moves to the
left
airman automatically he does not go
anywhere else as you can see in front of
you he's got peeking out and one more
thing is that his buttons over there see
you can see the buttons over there it's
black in color but when he appears in
your in the room his buttons change out
of nowhere but you're going to be seeing
that later so from the left air vent
he's gonna appear in the blind zone you
have a flashlight
in order to see him and when you do put
on the mask so that he he you're gonna
be hearing a somebody moving in the
vents sound thing that I'm dumb
something like that I don't have the
recording right now I wish I could but
then it really the message it can be
heard right but you have to play with
headphones headsets that's gonna make it
way better I am scary but you have to
play with headset that's going to help
you a lot or if you don't have if you're
really if you don't really have you
can't afford it it's fine
just wait like five seconds and then
check again but if you put on the mask
and take it off and then check again and
he is there it's gonna make it worse so
um it's better that you don't check it
off off and play with headphones
whenever you
somebody going out he's gonna disappear
if you don't follow these rules gonna
appear up there and look at his buns
over there like it just said there they
just change colors Mike said that in one
of the video I'm not real sure when but
he's gonna appear over there as you can
see and the table if you're talking
about these tape these pictures were
taken from the Freddy fazbear's I'm wiki
page I don't roll you all these pictures
I'm just saying give him credit and the
tables aren't over there on purpose so
this is what you need to do put on the
mask
whenever you see him and if he enters
the room you won't be able to touch
light and some say he's a DJ of
hallucination I'm not really short sure
but um give me a second I'm gonna be
showing you a telling you guys the D
recording or the thing that he says
whenever you moves so up number one is
hi hi now hello hello
now the laughs and I said laughs he also
um he tends to laugh all the time when
he's inside the room so if he enters and
it's 5 a.m. then he I usually go for it
if you're at 1 a.m. 2 a.m. 3 a.m. 4 a.m.
and he's inside the room then it's
better that you don't even try because
he's just gonna bus is gonna get you at
all cost he starts moving at night too
though so hope this video helped and you
enjoyed this video if you did please do
leave a like thank you so much one thank
you so much time I really do appreciate
it and people who are saying that Skype
cottons been hacked or something I was
gonna do a video about it but I thought
no because he's not he's not been hack I
just got a notification for some we're
not gonna be talking about that right
now so he's not been hacked and it looks
kind of weird but the way he put the the
things the extra letters it doesn't seem
like it's Scott himself or maybe I'll
just make a video about it I don't know
but right now I got a set set up my
twitch thing I'm gonna be doing
playthroughs maybe later on on Twitch
and I hope you guys if you really do
want to watch it please do look at the
description over there and I'm gonna be
buying h1z1 so I'm gonna be buying that
as well I'm making funny videos about
that so hope you got enjoy it again
subscribe more financial aid and stuff
and also you guys soon bye
Oh